[Music]
yes judge - yes no I don't I'm fine
thank you yep we are four smart
successful women I don't need a man what
is the point who still is in the
interest ladies I am NOT gonna let us
become those people who stopped living
before they stopped living I would like
to introduce you to Christian Grey this
is for mature audiences certainly sounds
like us what's it been 40 years that's
impossible that wouldn't mean I was only
six this is gonna be a game-changer
can you get me some scissors I can't
feel my feet man do you even remember
your last date we're talking Nixon era
pretty sure he knows you're here
I don't care what society says about
women our age you are better at this
than you think you are the choice should
be ours does up and kiss me
only one another bottle
[Music]
you